[Music]
in pretty much any house there is you'll
find a box of childhood memorabilia
things like your first tooth and your
first drawings are kept as crown jewels
except the way more personal these cute
doodles might seem primitive at first
glance but each of them has a story to
tell
let's see how many of those stories you
can read oh and don't forget to
subscribe and turn on post notifications
to join the bright side okay let's start
with some easy to guess drawings and
then work our way up in difficulty as we
go on you'll get 10 seconds after each
picture to decide what the child was
trying to show in their art good luck
here's number 1 okay we've got a lot
going on here looks like we're at the
beach but maybe it's something more
specific look towards the bottom and
you'll see that this is a drawing of mom
sunbathing at the seaside yeah way to go
mom number 2 alright enough fun in the
Sun what's going on in this picture try
to note any details that might make it
more specific
[Music]
mom's giving us a wink as she cooks soup
again hmm she must make a lot of soup
number three what comes logically after
cooking the soup eating it well yeah of
course
and then tired mom is doing the dishes
you can tell she's tired judging by the
color of her face any volunteers to help
her number four looks like mom's got her
hands on some weird device what could it
be oh she's doing the vacuuming and here
I thought it was a snow shovel
number five boy this lady sure looks
excited what's giving her so much joy
[Music]
well she's made soup done the dishes
vacuum the floors and now mom finally
gets to relax to some TV whoo number six
the whole family is in this one can you
tell what they're up to in ten seconds
[Music]
if you decided they're going for a walk
in the woods you've got it
number seven now don't be fooled by the
all Brown background there's actually
quite a lot of detail in this drawing so
what does it show looks like this girl
really loves reading books in her room
did you notice her cat at the foot of
the bed what about that bird outside the
window really great joining for a kid
right
number eight well we got a big blue
rectangle and what looks like a cage
full of stuff so what is it ah that's
dad doing the grocery shopping of course
number nine it's the whole family again
so what are they up to now oh not much
just having a nice picnic under the
bright yellow sign number ten hmm is
that roasted chicken on the table can I
have a piece okay back to the guessing
game you're ten seconds start now looks
like mom's at it again with the
after-dinner dishes
poor mom she works so hard moving on to
the next level of difficulty get ready
for some real Tuffy's number eleven this
one might seem pretty straightforward
but maybe you can catch any tiny details
[Music]
that's definitely dad digging a hole in
the ground but look to the left of the
hole is that a magic lamp
maybe he's burying some sort of treasure
it's probably just a plant but hey who
knows
[Music]
number 12 whoa that's a really tall
table I'm sure you can see what the main
players in this picture are doing but
can you be more specific now it's pretty
easy to tell that mom and son are
drinking tea at the dining table but did
you catch dad in the kitchen making
everyone a cup thumbs up if you did
number 13
looks like this kid has a really vivid
imagination so where is her imagination
taking her - you have ten seconds to
think it over
[Music]
why she's playing guitar and singing in
some fairytale do you see the princess
on the far right and the fairy flying
above I wonder who that is in the middle
maybe the Queen number 14 hey we've got
an outdoor scene without a bright
shining Sun so what's this a drawing of
[Music]
these two siblings are out playing in
the snow looks like a lot of fun eh I
just hope they have some hot cocoa
waiting for them inside
fifteen now this is a tough one
what on earth is this guy doing
[Music]
apparently that's dad working on a new
project he must have some sort of a
creative job cool sixteen here we have
someone else surrounded by a bunch of
stuff if you can guess what this child
was trying to show then you're really
good at this game that's mom painting in
her art studio wow these kids have some
really creative parents seventeen it
must be fun living in an all green house
surrounded by giant flowers but you've
still got just ten seconds to describe
this situation
[Music]
did you guess that this is a drawing of
mom and dad having coffee and talking if
so great job 18 this couple is dressed
to the nines where do you think they're
headed to mom and dad look real snazzy
when they go out dancing 19 these two
also look pretty well dressed so what's
the occasion
[Music]
no this isn't date night that's mom
doing the dishes and dad's surprising
her with a bouquet of flowers
how thoughtful 20 this guy has some real
style I mean all those bright colors a
beard and glasses he must be a hipster
right
what's this stylish dude up to that's
dad playing tennis whoa
so that was a racket after all are you
ready for level three the drawings here
might get more abstract but it only
makes it that much more fun
[Music]
21c told you can you figure out what's
happening in this picture you've got 10
seconds to decipher this child's art
[Music]
apparently this kid was trying to draw
his parents resting uh I guess I can say
it 22 wonder woman to the rescue
well at least that's what I say what do
you think well mom does need some sort
of super power to clean all those walls
23 okay nice hairstyle love the outfit
but what exactly are you doing
[Music]
oh that's mommy dancing okay mom bust a
move
24 again someone else with her arms
spread out why who is it this time
[Music]
here's daddy dancing by himself
really I thought that was grandma
reaching out for a hug well I guess
that's why this is level 325 those are
some worried looking faces why are they
so scared I never would have guessed
that this is mom and dad dancing
together but the artist knows best maybe
they should stick to dancing separately
like the last two they look way less
terrified 26
all right bright siders is getting
harder and harder with each drawing can
you tell what this kid was trying to
depict
[Music]
me and mom writing scooters in the park
you say oh so mom is ramping over a
river or something ah extreme 27 yes
it's a house to people and what looks
like a dog outside but this drawing is a
lot more specific than that can you
guess what it is
[Music]
it's mom presenting her daughter with a
new necklace that explains why they both
look so happy I just can't help but
wonder what's bothering the dog maybe he
wants a necklace too
I guess a new collar 28 Wow
yeah I see a guy a tree and of course
the Sun as for that thing in the middle
I'm stumped maybe you have some ideas
[Music]
ah that's just dad washing the car ah no
big deal
so how many of the drawings did you
guess let us know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]